Fixed grammar for theme best practice page. (#3910)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.2/frontend-dev-guide/theme-best-practice.md

## Theme development best practice

> 1. When [inheriting]({{ page.baseurl }}/frontend-dev-guide/themes/theme-inherit.html) from a default Magento theme, extend rather than override the default styles, whenever possible. Put your customizations in the `_extend.less` or `_theme.less` file, instead of overriding a `.less` file from a parent theme. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When [inheriting]({{ page.baseurl }}/frontend-dev-guide/themes/theme-inherit.html) from a default Magento theme, extend the default styles instead of overriding them. Whenever possible, put your customizations in the `_extend.less` or `_theme.less` file, instead of overriding a `.less` file from a parent theme. 
```

Reviewer: Apply this edit to all versions/pages as applicable and resubmit.

Reviewer: This change has not been applied.
